Auntie why
Don't call me auntie
You come from a small family like you
I want to fly to the branches and be a phoenix
I kindly advise you
Or die with this heart
You can't climb the threshold of our house
I came from a bad background.
But Shi Yufeng pursued me
He also proposed to me
Hahaha
Come on, your mom doesn't know what she did
Married my brother
Yufeng proposes to you again
The way you mother and daughter seduce rich people
It's really in the same vein.
Ahaha, I won't argue with you.
I'll go first
Stop
The elders haven't finished speaking yet
Who let you go?
Really unruly
Tell me how much you want.
I'm not with Yufeng for money
Don't pretend like that, I've heard too much
Before
That's what the girls who pestered Xiaofeng said
I'm not going around with you either
There's 100,000 dollars in here
Take this money and get out of here
I see for the sake of you being Yufeng's mother
Call you auntie
Don't go too far
Humph little bitch
You still want to hit me?
I'll tell you what.
Don't say you're a wild girl from the country
Is that the fox spirit you married into a wealthy family?
I can't understand
Women like you are shameless
Who made you talk to him like that?